hardware/appendix/custom-components.md, before:

# List of custom components
Fusce ultrices feugiat velit a placerat. Vivamus bibendum ex id enim scelerisque, vitae hendrerit libero egestas. Suspendisse eu massa porta, placerat mauris at, lacinia nunc. Duis posuere dui nec neque maximus, sed interdum purus gravida. Sed id erat a ante accumsan scelerisque ac et velit. Maecenas urna dolor, volutpat pulvinar posuere nec, aliquet vel nisl. Duis condimentum facilisis mauris, sed posuere nibh tincidunt nec. Nam ut orci vitae est maximus pulvinar. Phasellus porta aliquam interdum. Morbi fermentum, justo in ultricies malesuada, ex orci auctor nisi, id tincidunt eros dui non metus. In volutpat ac augue ac porta.

## Laser-cut components
Laser-cutting is used extensively in the hardware design of Opsoro. Most parts
are cut from 3 mm ABS plastic. Most parts can be connected using the
snap connectors, meaning no extra fasteners are required.

## 3D-printed components
Some parts of the Opsoro system are 3D printed using a hobby-grade 3D printer.
We print our parts on Ultimaker 2 machines, but the parts are designed so that
they could be printed on most low-end FDM machines. The 3D printed parts usually
have some small artifacts, such as stringing and blobs. These can be removed
using flush cutters. Holes in 3D printed parts usually require some cleanup as
well. Go through the holes with a small drill to clear any debris. Most holes
are 3 mm in size, and can be cleaned up using a 3 mm drill.

Commit message:

Updated custom-components with intro text and subtitles

hardware/appendix/custom-components.md, after:

# List of custom components
This document contains an overview of all the custom parts used in the Opsoro
system. Nearly all custom parts are fabricated using either laser-cutting or
3D-printing, and the hierarchy of this document reflects this.

## Laser-cut components
Laser-cutting is used extensively in the hardware design of Opsoro. Most parts
are cut from 3 mm ABS plastic. Most parts can be connected using the
snap connectors, meaning no extra fasteners are required.

### Button module

### Turn module

### Eye module

### Heart module

### LED matrix module

### Motion sensor module

### Speaker module

### Camera module

## 3D-printed components
Some parts of the Opsoro system are 3D printed using a hobby-grade 3D printer.
We print our parts on Ultimaker 2 machines, but the parts are designed so that
they could be printed on most low-end FDM machines. The 3D printed parts usually
have some small artifacts, such as stringing and blobs. These can be removed
using flush cutters. Holes in 3D printed parts usually require some cleanup as
well. Go through the holes with a small drill to clear any debris. Most holes
are 3 mm in size, and can be cleaned up using a 3 mm drill.

### Eye module
